README.md, before:

# :wave: Web 4: Databases &amp; Content Management :wave:

Notes for Web 4: Databases &amp; Content Management

## Notes

- [Course Outline & Deadlines](notes/course-outline.md)
- [Git Setup](notes/git.md)
- [Naming Conventions](notes/naming-conventions.md)
- [Vue Basics](notes/vuejs.md)
<!-- - [GitHub Signup](https://github.com/582Multimedia/GitHub-signup) -->
<!-- - [Git Basics specific to Web4](https://github.com/582Multimedia/git-basics) (for later) -->
<!-- - [localStorage](notes/localstorage.md) -->
<!-- - [Javascript Basics](https://github.com/582Multimedia/js-basics) -->
<!-- - [APIs](notes/api.md) -->
<!-- - [Capython](notes/capython.md) -->
<!-- - [Php & MySQL](notes/php-mysql.md) -->
<!-- - [Wordpress Customization - Custom Post Types](notes/wp-custom-post-type.md) -->
<!-- - [Wordpress Customization - Custom Pages](notes/wp-custom-page.md) -->
<!-- - [Wordpress API](notes/wp-api-headless.md) -->
<!-- - [Wordpress API + Vue.js](notes/wp-api-vuejs.md) -->
<!-- - [Vue Fix with Wordpress API](notes/wp-api-vue-fix.md) -->

## Important Links

- [La Fabrique à Idiots](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xq6bVbS-Pw) (intro video about ai)
- [Random Project Generator](https://randomprojectgenerator.com/) (for UI / UX)

## Course plan

- [ ] git & GitHub workflow
- [ ] javascript framework (vue.js or react) & component driven design
- [ ] deep dive with logic operators, arrays, loops and filters
- [ ] APIs
- [ ] localstorage
<!-- - [ ] TouchDesigner integration with APIs and replicator (maybe?) -->
- [ ] Php & MySQL (basic web database infrastructure and custom database)
- [ ] Capython Project
- [ ] Headless Wordpress
- [ ] Wordpress Custom Post Types

<!-- ## Projects

### API & Vue.js Project

Details TBD

### Capython Project

Details TBD

### Headless WP Project

Details TBD

### Personal Project

Details TBD -->

<!-- ## TO DO

[How to use CyberPanel Git Manager For Complete Automation](https://community.cyberpanel.net/t/how-to-use-cyberpanel-git-manager-for-complete-automation/30630)

## Wp custom post types

[How to Create Custom Post Types in WordPress](https://elementor.com/blog/wordpress-custom-post-types/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=11138809851&utm_term=&lang=&gad_source=1&gclid=Cj0KCQiAx9q6BhCDARIsACwUxu5Ea-LpMA5JnV7pgS-xkT5Yonc8NkM8FE7qkxhrYD2Y11tb7zq4jGIaAoquEALw_wcB)

[How to Create Custom Post Types in WordPress (via Plugin and Code)](https://www.cloudways.com/blog/wordpress-custom-post-type/)

### Official

[Custom Post Types](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/) - [Registering Custom Post Types](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/registering-custom-post-types/) - [Working with Custom Post Types](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/working-with-custom-post-types/)

### Plugins

[Custom Post Type UI](https://wordpress.org/plugins/custom-post-type-ui/)

[Pods – Custom Content Types and Fields](https://wordpress.org/plugins/pods/)

## OLD NOTES FROM PREVIOUS CLASSES (TO BE REVISED)

[582-database-integration](https://github.com/ngyvc/582-database-integration)

[582-block3-adv-web](https://github.com/ngyvc/block3-adv-web) -->

Commit message:

add windows command fix on front page

README.md, after:

# :wave: Web 4: Databases &amp; Content Management :wave:

Notes for Web 4: Databases &amp; Content Management

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Windows command fix**
> Run this in the command line if you encounter issues on windows with permission errors for git or npm:
>
> ```cmd
> Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser
> ```

## Notes

- [Course Outline & Deadlines](notes/course-outline.md)
- [Git Setup](notes/git.md)
- [Naming Conventions](notes/naming-conventions.md)
- [Vue Basics](notes/vuejs.md)
<!-- - [GitHub Signup](https://github.com/582Multimedia/GitHub-signup) -->
<!-- - [Git Basics specific to Web4](https://github.com/582Multimedia/git-basics) (for later) -->
<!-- - [localStorage](notes/localstorage.md) -->
<!-- - [Javascript Basics](https://github.com/582Multimedia/js-basics) -->
<!-- - [APIs](notes/api.md) -->
<!-- - [Capython](notes/capython.md) -->
<!-- - [Php & MySQL](notes/php-mysql.md) -->
<!-- - [Wordpress Customization - Custom Post Types](notes/wp-custom-post-type.md) -->
<!-- - [Wordpress Customization - Custom Pages](notes/wp-custom-page.md) -->
<!-- - [Wordpress API](notes/wp-api-headless.md) -->
<!-- - [Wordpress API + Vue.js](notes/wp-api-vuejs.md) -->
<!-- - [Vue Fix with Wordpress API](notes/wp-api-vue-fix.md) -->

## Important Links

- [La Fabrique à Idiots](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xq6bVbS-Pw) (intro video about ai)
- [Random Project Generator](https://randomprojectgenerator.com/) (for UI / UX)

## Course plan

- [ ] git & GitHub workflow
- [ ] javascript framework (vue.js or react) & component driven design
- [ ] deep dive with logic operators, arrays, loops and filters
- [ ] APIs
- [ ] localstorage
<!-- - [ ] TouchDesigner integration with APIs and replicator (maybe?) -->
- [ ] Php & MySQL (basic web database infrastructure and custom database)
- [ ] Capython Project
- [ ] Headless Wordpress
- [ ] Wordpress Custom Post Types

<!-- ## Projects

### API & Vue.js Project

Details TBD

### Capython Project

Details TBD

### Headless WP Project

Details TBD

### Personal Project

Details TBD -->

<!-- ## TO DO

[How to use CyberPanel Git Manager For Complete Automation](https://community.cyberpanel.net/t/how-to-use-cyberpanel-git-manager-for-complete-automation/30630)

## Wp custom post types

[How to Create Custom Post Types in WordPress](https://elementor.com/blog/wordpress-custom-post-types/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=11138809851&utm_term=&lang=&gad_source=1&gclid=Cj0KCQiAx9q6BhCDARIsACwUxu5Ea-LpMA5JnV7pgS-xkT5Yonc8NkM8FE7qkxhrYD2Y11tb7zq4jGIaAoquEALw_wcB)

[How to Create Custom Post Types in WordPress (via Plugin and Code)](https://www.cloudways.com/blog/wordpress-custom-post-type/)

### Official

[Custom Post Types](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/) - [Registering Custom Post Types](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/registering-custom-post-types/) - [Working with Custom Post Types](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/working-with-custom-post-types/)

### Plugins

[Custom Post Type UI](https://wordpress.org/plugins/custom-post-type-ui/)

[Pods – Custom Content Types and Fields](https://wordpress.org/plugins/pods/)

## OLD NOTES FROM PREVIOUS CLASSES (TO BE REVISED)

[582-database-integration](https://github.com/ngyvc/582-database-integration)

[582-block3-adv-web](https://github.com/ngyvc/block3-adv-web) -->
